[Music]
hello youtube friends in this video les
I will teach how to download the sims 4
for full pc with translator in Spanish
etcetera I hope you subscribe share
the enrique video and comment for
any help to contacts in the
description of the video let's start
The first thing you should do is go to
the links of the video description yo
I'll just do a download example with one
of the links and you download them
all already in one of the links and already in
this page we give you to skip advertising
so they do not say I did not say it afterwards
the download will be made by the program
auto rent
already on this page we give the button
green to start the download
in the description of the video I leave you
this program as I said is called
torrent already downloaded and located in my
case I have it on the desktop
we right click and click on open
we choose the language we want in my
case I put him Spanish and already
selected your language we give to ok
already in this window we give to next
following
I agree
here we choose the configuration that
we want and we give it to next
following
here we do not accept and we give
Finalize
now we look for the torrent file of the
game in my case I have it in the
desk already located we opened it
when this window opens
we select where we want it to be
save the game at the end of the download
we give the button that is in the middle
of the red circle to open the
directory of our pc and choose where
we want the game to be saved
something like that will open up to me, I choose the
desk to save the game
I have already chosen the directory they give to ok
and the download will start this was all
for more videos subscribe if you want me
help share the video give to like
or hand up and comment remember that
I make videos every week of either
games programs systems etcetera up
the next video I hope you liked it
and see you chao